Add beta -> upgrade docs (#2407)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/upgrading-eck.asciidoc

== Upgrading ECK

[float]
[id="{p}-ga-upgrade"]
=== Upgrading to ECK 1.0.0 from previous versions

ECK 1.0.0 is largely compatible with the beta version of the operator (see <<{p}-ga-openshift,the exceptions for earlier Kubernetes and OpenShift versions>>). There is not a direct upgrade path from the alpha version.

> To upgrade from 1.0.0-beta1, follow the <<{p}-quickstart>>. Note that all Elasticsearch pods will go through a rolling restart when the operator is upgraded. Once upgraded, you should use the `v1` API version for all Elastic manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade from 1.0.0-beta1, follow the <<{p}-quickstart>>. Note that all Elasticsearch Pods go through a rolling restart when the operator is upgraded. After the upgrade, use the `v1` API version for all Elastic manifests.
```

> To upgrade from 1.0.0-beta1, follow the <<{p}-quickstart>>. Note that all Elasticsearch pods will go through a rolling restart when the operator is upgraded. Once upgraded, you should use the `v1` API version for all Elastic manifests.

Reviewer 2: There are two ideas on the same line:
* all Elasticsearch Pods go through a rolling restart when the operator is upgraded
* To upgrade from 1.0.0-beta1, follow the <<{p}-quickstart>>

I would put them on 2 separate lines to avoid confusion.

See the <<release-highlights-1.0.0>> for more information on new features.

[float]
[id="{p}-ga-openshift"]
=== Upgrades in earlier Kubernetes and OpenShift versions

Upgrading from ECK 1.0.0-beta1 to 1.0.0 has some special considerations for users running either:
- Kubernetes versions < 1.13
- OpenShift 3.11

> In this case, ECK must be uninstalled and reinstalled (due to link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/73752[an upstream bug] that was not backported). To uninstall ECK, see <<{p}-uninstalling-eck>>. Then you can follow the <<{p}-quickstart>> to install anew. You may wish to save your existing `v1beta1` manifests and update them to the `v1` API version, and to <<{p}-snapshots,take snapshots>> and restore them as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, ECK must be uninstalled and reinstalled (due to link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/73752[an upstream bug] that was not backported). To uninstall ECK, see <<{p}-uninstalling-eck>>. Then you can follow the <<{p}-quickstart>> to install anew. You can save your existing `v1beta1` manifests, update them to the `v1` API version, <<{p}-snapshots,take snapshots>> and restore them as well.
```

> Once upgraded, you should use the `v1` API version for all Elastic manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once upgraded, use the `v1` API version for all Elastic manifests.
```

> Once upgraded, you should use the `v1` API version for all Elastic manifests.

Reviewer 2: Agreed with @alaudazzi , this is a requirement, not sure that `should` is appropriate here

Author: Ah good point, it's just "should" for >=1.13
